Part A (due by ***): *** points
Assignment: Todo List
To get started, open IDLE and create a New File via the File menu. We suggest you immediately save this file in the directory managing all your 102 Python Labs this semester. Please save this file with the following name: Week5A-TodoList.py.

In this lab, you will help a busy (or not-so-busy) Mines student stay organized by asking them to enter items into a todo list. The user can enter as many items as they want into the list. When they are done, the student can indicate that they have finished by entering the command DONE.

The output of your program should be the number of things that the student has to do, as well as a message telling the user how busy they are. For efficiency, your solution must use a while loop.

We suggest the algorithm in your program is:
1. Declare the variable number_of_tasks and initialize it to 0.
2. Declare the variable task to save the user-inputted string.
3. Declare the variables lots_to_do and not_much_to_do, initialize them to 7 and 4, respectively.
4. Indicate to the user how to exit the program when they have finished adding tasks to the list (i.e. by typing DONE).
5. Prompt the user to add an item to the todo list.
6. Continue to ask the user to add items until they have entered DONE, keeping track of how many tasks they have entered using the number_of_tasks variable.
7. Output the number of tasks that the user entered.
8. Output a message telling the user how busy they are.
    
    - If they entered more than lots_to_do tasks, tell them they are very busy.
    
    - If they entered less than not_much_to_do tasks, tell them they are not busy.
    
    - If they entered between lots_to_do and not_much_to_do tasks (inclusive), tell them they are moderately busy.

Lab I/O Format
Thoughout this semester we will often use a specific Lab Input/Output Format. This format is described below:
When prompting for input, use the prompt string WORD>, where WORD is a single, uppercase word which describes the input. For example, WORD in this lab would be: TASK>.
Your output should be similar to the provided example below, which will make your grader's life easier!
You are welcome to have other output lines that differ from the example. Just be sure your output is easy to understand, and follows a similar format.

Example Execution #1
Welcome to the Todo List creator!
Please enter the tasks that you need to do this week. To stop entering tasks, enter "DONE" (without quotation marks).
TASK> Wash car
TASK> Clean kitchen
TASK> Buy books
TASK> Write lab report
TASK> Finish calc homework
TASK> Buy Heelys
TASK> Return the Ring to Mordor
TASK> Plant flowers
TASK> Write code
TASK> DONE
You have 9 tasks to do
You have a lot to do, better get to work!

Example Execution #2
Welcome to the Todo List creator!
Please enter the tasks that you need to do this week. To stop entering tasks, enter "DONE" (without quotation marks).
TASK> Go to Mines Market
TASK> Eat Skittle pancakes
TASK> DONE
You have 2 tasks to do.
You don't have much to do, enjoy a break!

Comments
All Python files submitted to Canvas should include a header with your name, section, and assignment info. Submissions without this header will lose 1 point. Here's an example:
        #   Tracy Camp
        #   CSCI 102 – Section E
        #   Week 5 - Part A

Submission
Once you are satisfied with your solution to this lab, you need to submit the file to Canvas. In Canvas, go to Assignments > Week5A and upload Week5A-TodoList.py.

Note: this lab is worth *** points. To receive full credit, your code must execute in Python 3, and you must submit a single file (your Python code file).
